week two of college football here at sbr
forum videos on Peter LoJack and we've
got returning Indian cowboy from doc
sports gave us a great pic with
Vanderbilt last week Indian cowboy
thanks for being here again hey thanks
Pete for having me again alright so you
uh you want we're going to talk about
utah and utah state but there was
something you wanted to plug for doc
sports i'll go ahead give you 30 seconds
yeah doc sports is all from three sixty
dollars to anybody for any sort of free
pics on Doc sports no obligation all you
have to do is call 1866 238 6696 and
then I decide to tell you about I have
something called the ic3 football system
which is never lost we went to in one
lastic and what a lot of people do not
know if my top play was actually
Vanderbilt plus the six and a half that
actually gave out on our on our video
show here yeah to say thanks for all the
people that were watching this but what
they didn't know was that was actually
might play for the week so the I see
threes I have one major play in the two
secondary place went to and one last
think the system and never lost looking
forward this year as well dell mean be a
17 and five-run best were on the country
baseball six straight winning days now
let's talk about some football wait a
minute if it never lost but it went two
and one last week see I you got to get
up pretty early in the morning to get
one past me Indian cowboy ok if it's
never lost how did it go to him one last
week that's a loss right yeah it never
lost me never lost the winnings are a
losing season that is back-to-back
hunting seasons so we'll see i've only
done it for two years I put the
philosophy in the system together for 42
years so hopefully it'll be a three
straight winning year so looks like all
I know is your pick on vanderbilt last
week was a winner and was also the
obvious sharp side last week and so it
was a great pic so you know we're gonna
keep having you on if you keep giving us
stuff like that alright so let's talk
about utah and utah state here i
actually did not do much research on
this game so i don't know I do know that
utah state is usually a very solid
program and plays competitively so I'm
thinking maybe utah state plus seven
might have some value what's your take
on this line all i agree with you i mean
you know i'm a big map guy paying for
the people that watch the videos last
week it's a lot of it's based on going
against the public you know Vegas
continues to build casinos for a reason
that's why you always typically take the
opposite side of the public it's the
basic consensus that a group of people
who are dumb people are dumb but
individuals are smart that's the basic
principle a is so
look at it seventy-two percent of the
public is taking Utah on the road here
minus the touchdown giving up points in
a rivalry game on top of that so this is
a classic fade again just like that
Vanderbilt game on a weeknight you go
against the public is the only game on
the board on a friday night basic in
college football everybody's going to
count it all but I think you talk States
when that's going to actually do a lot
of people don't know this is that Utah
State actually want six out of its last
seven games last year to close out the
year and why that's important ended up
finishing here seven and six which is
really important so this is a team has a
lot of compliments he played well at
home late and keep in mind they returned
or seven hour 19 starters eight on
offense six on defense 50 on special
teams but this is an experienced team
big robbery game similar they're super
bowl like Vanderbilt super bowl this is
Utah State super bowl let's see when
they face are you talking that's a
well-known team utah state looking for
respect here thing is a classic thing
here so I leaned on utah state plus a
seven makes a lot of sense to me i did
not research this game that much but
just looking at it giving it a once-over
glance that's why i would guess it would
go and if you say that that's your
analysis of it that carries a lot of
weight with me thanks indian cowboy